Welcome back.
In this video we're going to learn about different kinds of testing and recap what we've learned about
unit testing with Jasmine as your first writing tests.
You'll probably be writing mostly unit tests.
These are tests which are written for one small component or unit of your application.
They were meant to test the individual pieces of our application.
Unit tests are written for the purpose of proving that the units or parts of your application behave
as expected before they're put together.
While this helps with each unit our application may fail when our units are combined.
This leads us to integration testing integration testing is meant to test the integration of our units
or larger parts of our application.
Here we test more than one unit and how they function together.
Integration testing builds off of unit testing.
And although you'll most commonly writing unit tests it's important to understand that there are other
kinds of tests that assess how our units behave together.
There also exists a type of testing called acceptance testing acceptance testing involves performing
tests on the full system which could be using your application in the browser or on a device to see
whether the applications functionality satisfies a specification provided.
Here we are simply testing to see if something is acceptable or not.
The purpose of acceptance tests is to evaluate the entire business or system requirements not to test
how one unit or how multiple units are integrated together.
The last type of testing we'll discuss is stress testing.
The idea behind stress testing is to determine how effective our applications can be under unfavorable
conditions.
These conditions include systems going down high traffic or other types of scenarios that may not be
common.
What can happen to an application.
To recap unit testing involves testing pieces of functionality.
The idea here is that we test parts of our application to make sure they're doing what we expect in
order to write our unit tests.
We've seen jazzmen a testing framework that allows us to easily write unit tests.
Jasmine provides the essential keywords and functions like describe it and extract so that we can easily
group and describe our tests.
Jasmine also has quite a few matters for testing almost any kind of expectation.
We've seen some common ones like to be equal and to contain.
You've also seen how to check for data types using jazzmen that any We saw used before each after each
before all and after all Hooke's to reduce duplication and confusion.
When you find yourself repeating variable assignments over and over try to refactor using one of these
hooks We then examine spies which Jasminum carbides for mocking or mimicking the behavior of a function.
We saw how to test parameters and return values to functions using spies.
We also had a test timers in dates using clocks as well as asynchronous code by passing a function to
be it callback and invoking it.
Next we saw some different testing philosophies including TDD which uses a red green refactor approach
and BDD which is a subset of TDD and makes use of more descriptive or behavioral testing.
Jasmine is a BDD style framework as it provides functions like describe it to better explain the behavior
of the functionality that we want to test.
Finally we saw that unit testing is just one part of testing applications but working with unit tests
is a large part of what you will do as a developer especially when working on larger production applications.
Thanks again for watching the section on unit testing with jazzmen.
Do you have any questions.
Be sure to let us know.
We're around to help.
Thanks again for watching and I'll see you in the next section.